minor with other information
because you notice that leonardo farkas
continues his generosity and now he has
delivered nothing more and nothing less than two
million pesos to monserrat bustamante
because because this young singer had
started a campaign through the
social networks and particularly twitter
and facebook requesting the little dish that
was missing to start a tour in Mexico
the place where he lives where he lives
for six years Mason lafert the
entrepreneur knowing the campaign that the
former singer of red started through
internet to raise this money for
do a tour of Mexico and already as they
she said I saw six years ago there
He wanted to help her and announced his
donation through twitter or friends
they are delighted I would contribute or what
labor gives you better 2 million
of pesos that he needs to meet his
dreams of the small box or the kitchen
I have a car
Mon de Montserrat had been two months
collecting silver at the inn anchorage
mx point of mexico
I wanted to raise 120 thousand Mexican pesos
little more than 5 million Chilean pesos
to do a concert tour
free for 10 Aztec cities as well
that I was missing like 40 thousand pesos
Mexicans assures her
that was roughly these two million
of pesos that Farkas brings and with that
he manages to meet the goal and they say he's good
a month ago I just tweeted 'directly
to farkas and he says my fans gave him
the idea and I sent him an initial tweet and
as timid medium as please the
rivero but I imagine there will be many
people who ask for help so
now thanks to leonardo farkas many
Mexicans may have concerts
free which is the most important thing is the
help for a cause that basically goes
to benefit the people between had
some sad men of me is because
can have platinum give anyone true
and I share it we do not need to pay a
vet
we have the loss let's not say the dog
that has tve that one as it's called a
cerebral infection in the organs
genitalia and the TV fly the clinic that
we know good but good the puppy
in a clinic needs help
because it has to be operated on
it's going to be several days
hospitalized and we as women
first the production team is going to
put there with the lucas for everything
need because you remember that
these weeks he came to visit us and
delay until I was absolutely
I stink seam aquilina good was not
pestoso really that was dirty was
that I absolutely could could
declare has a large infection between
means why he's still
hospitalized so if you want
help us
suddenly women the woman first
real tree classic point